Coburg Peak ( , ) is the rocky peak rising to 783 m in Erul Heights on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica . 
Siniger Nunatak ( , ‘Nunatak Siniger’ \'nu-na-tak si-'ni-ger\ ) is the rocky hill rising to over 500 m in the upper course of Russell East Glacier on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica . 
Harald Kaas ( 19 May 1868 – 5 December 1953 ) was a Norwegian architect . 
He studied at the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry , then at Baugewerkschule in Eckernförde and finally at Polytechnicum in Munich . 
He was employed by the Norwegian State Railways from 1908 to 1914 , and designed stations on the Arendal Line , Bergen Line and Solør Line for the company . 
Utus Peak ( , ) is the rocky peak rising to 1217 m in Trakiya Heights on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica . 
According to the 2007 study , Everest was India's largest spices brand based in Mumbai . 
Jallo Park ( sometimes called Jallo Wildlife Park ) , established in 1978 , is a public recreation and wildlife site located in Lahore District , Punjab , Pakistan . 
Paul L . Foster is an American businessman who is chairman of the board of Western Refining , a Fortune 200 and Global 2000 oil refiner and marketer based in El Paso , Texas . 
Júlia Hajdú ( 8 September 1915 – 23 October 1987 ) was a Hungarian composer and pianist . 
L'Oisans is a region in the French Alps , located in the départements of l'Isère and Hautes-Alpes , and corresponding to the drainage basin of the River Romanche and its tributaries ( Eau d'Olle , Lignarre , Sarenne , Vénéon and Ferrand ) . 
Between Livet-et-Gavet and Le Bourg-d'Oisans , the Romanche forms a deep gorge . 
The Voca People is an Israel-based ensemble performing vocal theater combining a cappella and beat box vocals to reproduce the sounds of an entire orchestra . 
It is known from the eastern half of North America from southern Canada ( including Ontario ) south to northern Florida , west to south-eastern British Columbia and Texas . 
Wilk Elektronik is a Polish manufacturer of computer memory under the brand name "GOODRAM" based in Łaziska Górne . 
Maibritt Kviesgaard ( born 15 May 1986 ) is a former Danish handball player . 
All fixtures are listed on FIFA . com with a 'Friendly' weight status which means that results will affect the participating nations' FIFA World Rankings . 
The 1977 Talladega 500 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series race that took place on August 7 , 1977 , at Talladega Superspeedway in Talladega , Alabama . 
The 2011 National League Division Series ( abbreviated NLDS ) were two best-of-five playoffs comprising the opening round of the Major League Baseball postseason , played to determine the participating teams in the 2011 National League Championship Series . 
The Brewers and Diamondbacks also met for the first time , having both joined the National League in 1998—Arizona as an expansion team and Milwaukee in a move from the American League after the AL expanded by adding the Tampa Bay Rays . 
Austins Bridge is an American Christian country band originally formed in Austin , Texas . 
The 1906 USC Methodists football team was an American football team that represented the University of Southern California during the 1906 college football season . 
Eros Vlahos ( born 13 January 1995 ) is an English-Greek actor and comedian , probably best known for his roles as Cyril Gray in "Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang" , Jake Farley in "Summer in Transylvania" , and Lommy Greenhands in "Game of Thrones" . 
He also appeared in a recurring role on the television series "Da Vinci's Demons" , as Nico Machiavelli . 
Andrew Pierce ( born Patrick J Connolly 1961 ) is a journalist , editor , author , broadcaster and political commentator . 
The First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica is located in Jamaica , Queens , a neighborhood of New York City . 
David Jason Latour ( born 1977 ) is an American comic book artist and writer known for his work for Image , Dark Horse , Marvel and DC comics on titles such as "Wolverine" , "Winter Soldier" , "Southern Bastards" and "Spider-Gwen" . 
The KPN-Zendmast Waalhaven , also known as Communication Tower , is a self-supporting telecommunications tower located in Rotterdam in the Netherlands that was built in 1962 . 
The 2011 South Florida Bulls football team represented the University of South Florida ( USF ) in the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season . 
The Bulls played their home games at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa , Florida . 
The Times of Indonesia was a daily English-language newspaper in Indonesia , published from Jakarta . 
Acrocercops orthostacta is a moth of the family Gracillariidae , known from Bihar , India . 
"Driving Wheel" , also called "Drivin' Wheel" or "Driving Wheel Blues" , is blues song first recorded by Roosevelt Sykes ( listed as "The Honey Dripper" ) in 1936 . 
Gannutz Glacier is a smooth glacier which flows north from the Bowers Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica and enters the eastern part of Rennick Bay between Weeder Rock and Stuhlinger Ice Piedmont . 
Gargoyle Ridge is a high rock ridge forming the south end of the Cobham Range in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica . 
Garrard Glacier is a glacier in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica , draining eastward from the névé between Mount Lockwood and Mount Kirkpatrick and entering Beardmore Glacier south of Bell Bluff . 
Gatson Ridge is a jagged ridge , long , that runs east from the southern part of Bowling Green Plateau in the Brown Hills of the Cook Mountains , Antarctica . 
Gdynia Point is the eastern point of Dufayel Island , lying in Ezcurra Inlet , Admiralty Bay , King George Island , in the South Shetland Islands . 
It was named in 1979 by the Polish Antarctic Expedition after Gdynia , Poland , a port city on the Baltic Sea . 
Chuck Compton ( born January 13 , 1965 in Atwater , California . ) was an American professional football player in the National Football League . 
Cape Geology is a low , gravel-covered point marking the western limit of Botany Bay , in the southern part of Granite Harbour , Victoria Land , Antarctica . 
Geodetic Glacier is a glacier flowing east from Bettle Peak along the north side of the Thomas Heights into Bowers Piedmont Glacier , on the Scott Coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica . 
Isohypsibius is a genus of water bear or moss piglet , a tardigrade in the class Eutardigrada . 
James Higginbotham FBA ( 17 August 1941 – 25 April 2014 ) was a distinguished professor of Linguistics and Philosophy at the University of Southern California . 
He taught previously at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Columbia University , and at the University of Oxford as a Fellow of Somerville College , Oxford . 
Mount Goldthwait is a prominent mountain ( 3 , 815 m ) located 2 . 5 nautical miles ( 4 . 6 km ) south of Mount Dalrymple in the north part of the Sentinel Range , Antarctica . 
The Goodwin Nunataks are a small group of isolated nunataks lying about west of the Marshall Mountains of Antarctica , at the south side of Walcott Neve . 
Gordon Peak is a rock peak marking the northwest end of the Robin Heights in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica . 
Eohypsibiidae is a family of water bear or moss piglet , tardigrades in the class Eutardigrada . 
Gould Peak is a peak standing north of Tennant Peak in the southern group of the Rockefeller Mountains , on Edward VII Peninsula in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica . 
Graptolite Island is an island long in the north-east part of Fitchie Bay , lying off the south-east portion of Laurie Island in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica . 
Gratton Nunatak is a bare , linear nunatak lying at the south side of the mouth of McCarthy Glacier , Antarctica , where the latter enters Reedy Glacier . 
Grautskåla Cirque is a cirque immediately north of The Altar in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica . 
John Woolfe ( 23 March 1932 – 14 June 1969 ) was a British racing driver from England , who specialised in sports car racing . 
He was killed as a result of crashing on the first lap of the 1969 24 Hours of Le Mans race , an event which caused the traditional "Le Mans start" to be abolished the following year . 
Hailstorm Island is a rocky island , long , between Cameron Island and the east end of Burnett Island in the central part of the Swain Islands , Antarctica . 
Hales Peak is a peak rising from the northeast shoulder of Mount Cabeza in the northeast part of Brabant Island , Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica . 
Hale Glacier is a glacier about long , located just east of Mount Simpson on Thurston Island , Antarctica , and flowing southwest to the Abbot Ice Shelf in Peacock Sound . 
The 2011 New York Red Bulls season was the club's seventeenth year of existence , as well as its sixteenth season in Major League Soccer , the top-flight of American soccer . 
As this goal drifted out of reach , Backe backtracked from his Supporters' Shield emphasis and remarkably blamed international call-ups due to the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup as the reason the Shield was unobtainable . 
Constant Mews ( born 1954 ) , D . 
Western Cattle in Storm is a $1 stamp issued by the United States Post Office Department as part of the 1898 Trans-Mississippi Issue . 
"Western Cattle in Storm" is one of nine commemorative postage stamps in the series , which marked the 1898 Trans-Mississippi Exposition held in Omaha , Nebraska . 
The Moore Mountains are a small but conspicuous group of mountains just north of New Year Pass in the Queen Elizabeth Range in Antarctica . 
Chernobyl Way ( , ) is an annual rally held on April 26 by the opposition in Belarus as a remembrance of the Chernobyl disaster . 
Moreton Point is a point north of Return Point at the western end of Coronation Island , in the South Orkney Islands off Antarctica . 
Morrell Reef is a reef reported to lie close off the southeast coast of Bouvetøya , about northward of Cape Fie . 
The Moss Braes are west-facing slopes ( s ) situated west of Robin Peak on Signy Island , in the South Orkney Islands off Antarctica . 
Moser Glacier is a glacier flowing into Andvord Bay just southeast of Arago Glacier , on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica . 
It was charted by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Adrien de Gerlache , 1897–99 , and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960 for German physicist Ludwig F . Moser ( 1805–80 ) , who in 1844 invented stereoscopic photography . 
Maurice Brantley ( born September 19 , 1968 , in Kansas City , Missouri ) is a professional boxer in the Middleweight division . 
Kansas Glacier is a steep glacier , long , draining northeast from Stanford Plateau , Antarctica , to enter Reedy Glacier just north of Blubaugh Nunatak . 
It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U . S . Navy air photos , 1960–64 , and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for the University of Kansas , Lawrence , Kansas , which has sent a number of research personnel to Antarctica . 
36 Greatest Hits ! is a 2010 box set by American singer Frank Sinatra . 
The Toe is a point marking the south side of the entrance to Harmony Cove and the north-west side of the entrance to Varvara Cove on the west side of Nelson Island , in the South Shetland Islands . 
Mount Kaschak is a peak , high , standing west of Gambacorta Peak in the southern Neptune Range of the Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica . 
Kehle Glacier is a glacier draining the western slopes of the Worcester Range , Antarctica . 
Germaine Poinso-Chapuis ( 6 March 1901 , Marseille , Bouches-du-Rhône – 20 February 1981 ) was a French politician . 
Kelley Massif is a rugged mountain massif , long , located immediately west of the Eland Mountains and along the south side of Clifford Glacier , in Palmer Land , Antarctica . 
Kelley Nunatak is a nunatak on the north side of Leverett Glacier in Antarctica , northeast of Mount Gould . 
Mount Randall is a mountain rising to 3 , 000 m at the south end of Hackerman Ridge in the Victory Mountains , Victoria Land . 
Ranney Nunatak is a nunatak in the southwest extremity of Gutenko Nunataks , in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land . 
It was first mapped by the United States Antarctic Service ( USAS ) , 1939–41 , and named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Charles R . Ranney , ionospheric physicist at Byrd Station , 1969 . 
Mount Kendrick is a massive ice-covered mountain , high , surmounting the east side of the Nilsen Plateau at the head of Bartlett Glacier , in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica . 
The Kester Peaks are three aligned rock peaks standing together south of Mount Malville on the east side of the Forrestal Range , in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica . 
It is known from Java , Indonesia . 
It is known from Java , Indonesia . 
Ravn Rock is a submerged rock lying in the center of Neptunes Bellows , the entrance to Port Foster , Deception Island , in the South Shetland Islands . 
Mount Lupa is a flat-topped , ice-covered mountain , over high , standing between Romulus Glacier and Martin Glacier close east-southeast of Black Thumb and east of the head of Rymill Bay , on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica . 
Mount Lymburner is a mountain , high , standing west-northwest of Mount Weems near the north end of the Sentinel Range in the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica . 
The American Arachnological Society ( AAS ) is a scientific organization founded in 1972 in order to promote the study of arachnids by seeking to achieve closer cooperation and understanding between amateur and professional arachnologists along with publication of the "Journal of Arachnology . " The society holds annual meetings around the United States and membership is open to all individuals who share the common objectives held by the society . 
Lystad Bay is a bay wide which indents the west side of Horseshoe Island , in the northeast part of Marguerite Bay , Antarctica . 
Lyons Cone is a cone shaped peak north-northeast of the Matterhorn , rising to on the ridge separating the heads of Lacroix Glacier , Newall Glacier , and Suess Glacier in the Asgard Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica . 
Spodnje Hoče is a settlement in and the administrative centre of the Municipality of Hoče–Slivnica in northeastern Slovenia . 
Lucian Flemming ( born November 19 , 1966 ) is an Anguillan football player . 
Carl Nielsen's Pan and Syrinx ( "Pan og Syrinx" ) is a symphonic poem written for a concert of the composer's works which was held on 11 February 1918 in Copenhagen . 
SN 1998aq is a supernova located in galaxy NGC 3982 . 
Murphys Ice Cream is a food company based in Dingle , County Kerry , Ireland . 
Louis Dufresne ( 18 January 1752 , Champien , near Peronne – 11 October 1832 ) was a French ornithologist and taxidermist . 
The ships went first to Madeira and Tenerife , then to Trinidad and then to the coast of Brazil ( including Santa Catarina Island ) . 
